Add Community expectations for all projects in incubation (#166)
LF-Decentralized-Trust/governance: tac/guidelines/project-incubation-entry-considerations.md

* The project should have the backing of more than one organization/individuals (i.e., the project proposers should be able to demonstrate significant, long term contribution in codebase).

### Community
* The TAC is more likely to accept projects that have contributors familiar with open source practices. Contributing to existing LFDT projects or starting in LFDT Labs is a great place to grow this experience. Many people contributing their code are new to running an open source project, so we want to provide some specific guidance around what is involved with managing an open source project. In your project proposal, it is expected that you will address how you will meet the following community expectations:

>     1. Design discussions will be moved to a public forum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Move design discussions to a public forum.
```

>     1. Design discussions will be moved to a public forum

Reviewer 2: Mention technical discussions as well as a lot goes into those ones, and you make many important decision at the implementation level

    1. Community building
        1. Hosting community calls

>         1. Diversify contributors and maintainers from the initial set of people

Reviewer 2: Chatted on the TAC call about this being a strict requirement over in NOTE instead change to mostly ticking all these points and this might out of the control of the maintainers as @hartm mentioned

        1. Mentor new contributors to become maintainers
    1. Support community forums (e.g. GitHub, Discord)

>     1. Reporting to the TAC

Reviewer 2: maybe being more specific on this one? as part of annual reviews / quarterly?

Because it feels like in the first year we are asking them to keep reporting to us as a way to check in instead of being the usual for all project

If you need any assistance with community engagement planning, LFDT staff is happy to help.

> **NOTE: If you do not meet these expectations in the first year of your project the TAC will move the project to a lab. In addition, if a project is no longer meeting these expectations, the TAC will also move that project to a lab.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: If your project does not meet these expectations within the first year, the TAC will consider it to be falling short of the LFDT open-source community standards and may recommend transitioning the project to the lab. Additionally, if an existing project stops meeting these expectations at any point, the TAC may determine that it no longer aligns with community standards and recommend moving it to the lab.**
```
